[AIP-2510] Add an exception for foreign resource names. (#241)
googleapis/aip: aip/cloud/2510.md

**must** use project numbers in responses, regardless of whether they were sent
a project ID or a project number.

There are two exceptions to this rule:

- Error responses **must** return the originally-provided value without
  modification. Error responses **must not** perform any translation between
  project IDs and project numbers.

> - If a service is receiving a resource name for a resource that the service

Reviewer: Personally I'd change "is receiving" to "receives" but I'm not overly bothered

Author: ```suggestion
- If a service receives a resource name for a resource that the service
```
